Networkevents feature is DevPreview (#811)
netobserv/network-observability-operator: docs/FlowCollector.md

If the `spec.agent.ebpf.privileged` parameter is not set, an error is reported.<br>
- `DNSTracking`: enable the DNS tracking feature.<br>
- `FlowRTT`: enable flow latency (sRTT) extraction in the eBPF agent from TCP traffic.<br>
- `NetworkEvents`: enable the Network events monitoring feature. This feature requires mounting

> the kernel debug filesystem, so the eBPF pod has to run as privileged. It is currently a Developer Preview.<br><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the kernel debug filesystem, so the eBPF pod has to run as privileged. [IMPORTANT]
====
`NetworkEvents` is available as a Developer Preview.
 ====
 <br><br/>
```

Reviewer: Or, minimally, if the admonition doesn't translate between the source and asciidoc, just using all caps IMPORTANT:
